Bad - Not achieving an adequate standard.                                     
Bell - Hollow object which rings.                                             
Benefit - Help received, charity entertainment.                               
Betray - Reveal wanted information; deceive.                                  
Bilious - Bad-tempered; relating to bile.                                     
Bind - Tie together; unite; wrap; obligate.                                   
Biometry - Measurement of life span.                                          
Birdseye - Seen from above or afar type.                                      
Black - Opposite of white; absence of color or light.                         
Bleak - Exposed to the elements, unsheltered and barren.                      
Block - Solid mass; platform; mold; obstacle; city square.                    
Bobtail - Short tail; animal with short tail.                                 
Botulism - Type of food poisoning.                                            
Brain - Nerve tissue in head.                                                 
Breathe - Draw air into and expel air from lungs.                             
Bristle - Cause to stand up; make bristly.                                    
Broadminded - Fair; not prejudiced.                                           
Broken - Separated into pieces; ruined.                                       
Call - Cry out; announce; summon; telephone.                                  
Canned - Sealed in can; recorded music.                                       
Canteen - Metal water container; military store.                              
Carbon - Non-metallic element; diamond; coal, etc.                            
Careless - Unconcerned; performed thoughtlessly.                              
Carhop - Waitress serving patrons in cars.                                    
Carry - Move something from place to place;  transport.                       
Casino - Building for amusement purpose.                                      
Catastrophe - A great and sudden calamity; disaster.                          
Caustic - Something that burns; critical.                                     
Cellulose - Substance from plant cell walls.                                  
Census - Official counting of inhabitants.                                    
Charter - Certificate giving rights and privileges.                           
Chemist - Scientist concerned with substances and elements.                   
Childhood - Period of infancy to puberty.                                     
Consider - To think and carefully consider.                                   
Convert - Change; turn; kick point after touchdown.                           
Crazy - Out of touch with reality; insane.                                    
Damper - Draft regulator; discouragement.                                     
Date - Period in time; partner; social engagement; fruit.                     
Deadbeat - Person who avoids paying bills.                                    
Deafmute - Person who cannot hear or speak.                                   
Dean - College department head; oldest member.                                
Decathlon - Athletic contest having ten events.                               
Declaration - Announcement; formal statement.                                 
Deliberate - Carefully think about; discuss; review.                          
Different - Unlike in form, quality, amount or nature.                        
Disgrace - Loss of honor, respect, reputation or shame.                       
Empty - Holding or containing nothing.                                        
Endure - To carry on through despite hardships; undergo.                      
Equal - Like; on even terms with; fair; same.                                 
Eugenics - Study of improvement of human qualities.                           
Execute - Put into effect; do; perform; kill as punishment.                   
Exercise - Use; do actively; practice; train.                                 
Experience - Knowledge acquired by doing; something done.                     
Extinct - No longer in existence.                                             
Fail - Lack; lose power or strength; be unsuccessful.                         
Familiar - Closely acquainted; friendly; known.                               
Fasten - Fix tightly in place; attach.                                        
Father - Male parent; inventor; priest.                                       
Floater - One who moves from job to job.                                      
Foreign - From outside; not native; not familiar.                             
Free - Not restricted; spontaneous; without cost.                             
Freedom - The condition of being free of restraints.                          
Good - Having positive or desirable qualities.                                
Gracious - Characterized by kindness & warm courtesy.                         
Hierarchy - System of rank or order.                                          
Inadequate - Not adequate, insufficient, not able.                            
Include - To have or take in as a part member; contain.                       
Inorganic - Produced by non-living elements.                                  
Interest - Attract attention of; become concerned about.                      
Jolt - Knock against; upset; hurt slightly.                                   
Little - Small in size, short in duration, unimportant.                       
Meek - Showing patience and humility; gentle.                                 
Numerous - Consisting of many persons or items.                               
Odd - Deviating from what is customary or accepted.                           
Omit - To fail to include; leave out.                                         
Open - Affording unobstructed entrance & exit; not shut.                      
Pain - An unpleasant sensation, occurring in varying degree.                  
Produce - To bring forth; yield.                                              
Play - To occupy oneself in amusement, sport, or other recreation.            
Plump - Well-rounded and full in form; chubby.                                
Primary - First; most important; interparty election.                         
Print - Impression made by use of type or other patterns.                     
Prominent - Well known; projecting; noticeable.                               
Psychiatry - Science of treatment of emotional illness.                       
Quack - Duck sound; false professional practitioner.                          
Quell - Bring order out of confusion; quiet state of disorder.                
Question - An expression of inquiry that invites a reply.                     
Quit - To depart from; leave.                                                 
Random - Having no specific pattern or objective; haphazard.                  
Range - Extent; stove; distance; wander; classify.                            
Raze - To tear down or demolish; level to the ground.                         
Savage - Not domesticated or cultivated.                                      
Scatter - To cause to separate and go in various directions.                  
Tame - Brought from wildness into a domesticated or tractable state.          
Tease - To annoy, pester, vex; to make fun of; playfully mock.                
Trite - Over-used and commonplace.                                            
Usual - Such as is commonly or frequently encountered.                        
Yell - To cry out loudly as in pain, fright, surprise, or enthusiasm.         
Zest - Flavor or interest; piquancy.                                          
Zinc - Metallic element.                                                      
